---
layout: post
title: Introducing Leigh Morrison
tags: rp scion2e yakki-koto-kiku leigh
---

Leigh Morrison started their life in the usual way. Born as a regular human child to regular human parents, who had absolutely no idea how to raise a child. This lack of clue led Leigh's parents to leave their child to their own devices more often than not, and Leigh raised themself in a rather unorthodox manner.

By the time they reached highschool, Leigh had discovered their innate talent for moving things from one place to another applied not just to physical objects, but also to more abstract concepts like knowledge and emotions. They were a good student when it suited them, an amazing student when the subject was one of their particular interests, and an undetectable source of chaos in classes they deemed pointless. When not in class, Leigh would frequently use her skills to cause mischief for anyone who sought to elevate themselves above others. They had it in for bullies in particular: often the jocks would get to the canteen only to find that the lunch money they'd taken had disappeared, along with their own - usually back into the pockets of the people they'd taken it from in the first place. On days when Leigh was feeling particularly vindictive, someone might find that their underwear had disappeared and was now flying from the school flagpole. Leigh didn't only target the bullies though. It was not uncommon for copies of exam marking guides and even answers to appear in lockers around the school - usually for subjects Leigh didn't care for. None of this could ever be traced back to Leigh, other than that they always seemed to be attached to these events in some way. By all other appearances, they were a model student, and made some lasting friendships among both the students and the staff.

Leigh surprised everyone by not going to University after highschool. Their extracurricular activities had attracted the attention of some interested parties who needed certain things moved from point A to point B discreetly, and Leigh was offered a job as a courier. They proved their abilities to their employer time and again, moving from simple package pickups and deliveries to more unusual assignments involving things like covert data extraction, hostile deliveries, and just plain unusual packages. When it became clear their employer could not reliably supply them with interesting work, Leigh started contracting instead. Their reputation followed them, and soon Leigh was able to pick and choose the jobs that interested them. There was never any shortage.

One particular recurring client, who preferred to be known only by the pseudonym "Firestarter", turned out to be one of Leigh's best sources of work. He'd always have mundane tasks available for them to pick and choose from. However, it was the *other* tasks that kept Leigh returning to him - often he'd claim of a task "I'd do this myself but I'm really busy right now," which was always signal that Leigh was in for an interesting time.
